2014 JUL 9 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Journal of Engineering -- From Alexandria, Virginia, VerticalNews journalists report that a patent by the inventors Diaconescu, Stefan Stelian (Bucharest, RO); Dumitrascu, Ionut Mihai (Buzau, RO); Ingineru, Cristi Iulian (Rosiori de Vede, RO); Bulibasa, Oana-Adriana (Letea-Veche, RO); Rizea, Monica Mihaela (Bucharest, RO); Paun, Bianca-Daniela (Bucharest, RO), filed on June 17, 2009, was published online on June 24, 2014.

The patent's assignee for patent number 8762130 is Softwin SRL Romania (Bucharest, RO).

News editors obtained the following quote from the background information supplied by the inventors: "The invention relates to methods and systems for computer processing of natural languages.

"Commercial interest in computer-based human language processing has been steadily increasing in recent years. Globalization and the widespread use of the Internet are driving the development of automated translation technology, while progress in robotics and software engineering is fueling growth in the area of human-machine interfaces, voice-activated applications, and automated document processing.

"Common approaches to natural language processing include dictionary-based, example-based, and corpus-based methods. Dictionary work involves the creation of lexical knowledge bases. Example-based methods aim to create large collections of example phrases, and to match incoming text to the stored examples. Corpus-based work often employs statistical models of relationships between words and other linguistic features.

"Language processing applications such as spell checkers and grammar checkers are often accompanied by application-specific LKBs. The format of such LKBs may vary significantly among applications, languages, and providers."

As a supplement to the background information on this patent, VerticalNews correspondents also obtained the inventors' summary information for this patent: "According to one aspect, a system comprises a linguistic knowledgebase (LKB) for a natural language, a computer-implemented word retriever connected to the LKB, a computer-implemented form generator connected to the word retriever, a computer-implemented synthetic annotator connected to the word retriever, and a computer-implemented syntax checker connected to the synthetic annotator. The LKB comprises a set of computer-readable lexicon declarations, a set of computer-readable inflected form declarations, and a set of computer-readable syntax rule declarations. The computer-implemented word retriever is configured to receive a first word, perform a lookup of an inflected form declaration of the first word in the LKB, perform a lookup of a lexicon declaration of the first word in the LKB in response to performing the lookup of the inflected form declaration, and determine a first word interpretation of the first word according to the lexicon declaration and the inflected form declaration. The first word interpretation comprises a lemma of the first word and an inflection indicator of the first word. The computer-implemented form generator is configured to receive a second word not necessarily distinct from the first word, produce a first set of words, each word of the first set of words having a predetermined spelling similarity to the second word, and for each word of the first set of words, receive from the word retriever a second word interpretation of said each word of the first set of words. The computer-implemented synthetic annotator is configured to receive a word sequence, receive from the word retriever a third word interpretation of each word of the word sequence, and determine a synthetic annotation of the word sequence, the synthetic annotation comprising the third word interpretation of said each word of the word sequence. The computer-implemented syntax checker is configured to receive the synthetic annotation from the synthetic annotator, perform a lookup of a syntax rule declaration of the word sequence in the LKB according to the synthetic annotation, and perform a syntactic analysis of the word sequence according to the syntax rule declaration, to determine a synthetic dependency tree of the word sequence.

"According to another aspect, a system comprises a linguistic knowledgebase (LKB) for a natural language, a computer-implemented word retriever connected to the LKB, and a computer-implemented syntax checker connected to the word retriever. The LKB comprises a set of computer-readable lexicon declarations, a set of computer-readable inflected form declarations, and a set of computer-readable syntax rule declarations. The computer-implemented word retriever is configured to perform a lookup of an inflected form declaration of each word of a word sequence, and a lookup of a lexicon declaration of said each word in the LKB. The computer-implemented syntax checker is configured to perform a lookup of a syntax rule declaration in the LKB according to the inflected form declaration of said each word, and perform a syntactic analysis of the word sequence, to produce a synthetic dependency tree of the word sequence."

For additional information on this patent, see: Diaconescu, Stefan Stelian; Dumitrascu, Ionut Mihai; Ingineru, Cristi Iulian; Bulibasa, Oana-Adriana; Rizea, Monica Mihaela; Paun, Bianca-Daniela. Systems and Methods for Natural Language Processing Including Morphological Analysis, Lemmatizing, Spell Checking and Grammar Checking. U.S. Patent Number 8762130, filed June 17, 2009, and published online on June 24, 2014. Patent URL: http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&Sect2=HITOFF&d=PALL&p=1&u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsrchnum.htm&r=1&f=G&l=50&s1=8762130.PN.&OS=PN/8762130RS=PN/8762130

Keywords for this news article include: Machine Learning, Softwin SRL Romania, Emerging Technologies, Natural Language Processing.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2014, NewsRx LLC